Unit Testing:= Unit testing is atype of software testing where individual software components are tested.
			   
Integration Testing:= Integration Testing is the process of testing the interface between two software units or modules.
					  its focus is on determine the correct-ness of the interface
					  and its aim to expose faults in the interaction between integration untis.
					  
					  

		DIFFERENCE between Unit and Itegration testing

				Unit-Testing                                              Integration-testing

1.Here each module of the software is tested separate🤥         Here modules of the software are tested combined.

2.Here unit testing is performed first of all testing           It performed after unt testing and before system testing.
	processes.

3.Unit testing is white-box testing                              Integration testing is black-box testing



How to started with integration testing
1.Prepare the test integration plan.
2.Decide on the type of integration testing approach 
3.Design test-casees,test scenarios and test scripts accordingly.
4.Deploy the chosen modules together and get the integration test running.
5.Track the defacts and record the test result of testing.
6.Repeat the above steps until the complete system is tested.


integration testing can be done in 3 ways.
1.Big-Bang approach
2.Top-Down approach
3.Bottom-up approach



BIG-BANG approach:-Combining all the modules once and verifying the functionality after completion of individual module testing


Top-Down testing:-testing takes place from top to bottom.
				  here high level modules are tested first and then low-level modules
				  and finally integrating the lowel-level module to high-level to ensure the system is working as intended.



in integration mocha is a javascript test framework that run on node.js. it makes us write simple asynchronous test.

Mocha tests are written using describe and it blocks.

Describe block define the Test-Suit
it block define a test-case.

describe('test suit name',functiom()=>{
	it('test case name',async()=>{
		//test code to implemented.
	});
});


HOOKS

hooks are the pre and post-conditions that run before and after your tests.

there sre 4 types of hooks .
1.before();
2.beforeech();
3.after();
4.aftereach();

befor():-Run once befor the all test-cases in the  suit

beforeeach():- Run before each test-case in the suit;

after():-Run once after the tests in the suit.

aftereach():-run after each test-case in the suit.